Performance rewrite (#1258)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/performance/index.md

## Minimum requirements

!include <minimum-requirements>

## Database

[SQL Server](/docs/installation/sql-server-database.md) is the data persistence backbone of Octopus. Performance problems with your SQL Server will make Octopus run and feel slow and sluggish. 

### Infrastructure

> It is possible to host Octopus Deploy and SQL Server on the same Windows Server.  We only recommend you do that for Proof of Concepts or demos.  Never for any Octopus Deploy instance used to deploy to production.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to host Octopus Deploy and SQL Server on the same Windows Server.  We only recommend you do that for Proof of Concepts or demos.  Never for any Octopus Deploy instance used to deploy to Production.  
```

Keep Octopus Deploy and SQL Server on separate servers.  This will keep them from competing for the same CPU, memory, disk and network resources.

> We've worked with customers who have large Production SQL Server instances with a lot of compute (64 Cores and 512 GB of RAM).  If you count yourself amongst those users, and one of those servers are not at capacity, then hosting Octopus Deploy on a shared server should be fine.  If you don't count yourself amongst those users, then avoid hosting Octopus Deploy on a shared server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've worked with customers who have large Production SQL Server instances with a lot of computing power (64 Cores and 512 GB of RAM).  If you count yourself amongst those users, and one of those servers is not at capacity, then hosting Octopus Deploy on a shared server should be fine.  If you don't count yourself amongst those users, then avoid hosting Octopus Deploy on a shared server.
```

### SQL Server maintenance {#sql-maintenance}

You should implement a routine maintenance plan for your Octopus database. Here is a [sure guide](http://g.octopushq.com/SQLServerMaintenanceGuide) (free e-book) for maintaining SQL Server.  At the very least you should:

- Rebuild all indexes **online** with fragmentation > 50% once a day during off-hours (typically 2-3 AM).
- Rebuild all indexes **offline** with fragmentation > 50% once a week during off-hours (typically a Sunday morning).
- Regenerate statistics once a month.

:::hint

> Modern versions of Octopus Deploy automatically rebuilt fragmented indexes during the upgrade process.  If you frequently upgrade you might not notice high index fragmentation compared to someone who upgrades once year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern versions of Octopus Deploy automatically rebuilt fragmented indexes during the upgrade process.  If you frequently upgrade you might not notice high index fragmentation compared to someone who upgrades once a year.
```

The task cap also interacts with offloading deployment work to Workers.  If you have more workers available, you might be able to increase your deployment performance and [different task cap or step parallelism](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md#run-multiple-processes-on-workers-simultaneously) might be right with the extra ability to scale.

### Octopus High Availability

You can scale out your Octopus Server by implementing a [High Availability](/docs/administration/high-availability/index.md) cluster. Each node in the cluster will have its own task cap.  Two servers in a cluster each with a task cap of 5 means you can process 10 concurrent tasks.  

In addition to linearly increasing the performance of your cluster, you can perform certain kinds of maintenance on your Octopus Servers without incurring downtime.

### Workers

Consider using [Workers](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md) and worker pools if deployment load is affecting your server.  See this [blog post](https://octopus.com/blog/workers-performance) for a way to begin looking at workers for performance.

### Spaces

> Consider separating your teams/projects into "spaces" using the [Spaces](/docs/administration/spaces/index.md) feature.  A space is a "hard wall," each space has its own environments, projects, deployment targets, packages, machine policies, etc.  The only thing shared is users and teams.  That means less data for the Octopus UI to query.  Splitting 60 projects evenly into 3 spaces will result in the dashboard only having to load 20 projects instead of 60.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider separating your teams/projects into "spaces" using the [Spaces](/docs/administration/spaces/index.md) feature.  A space is considered a "hard wall". Each space has its own environments, projects, deployment targets, packages, machine policies, etc.  The only thing shared is users and teams.  That means less data for the Octopus UI to query.  Splitting 60 projects evenly into 3 spaces will result in the dashboard only having to load 20 projects instead of 60.
```

## Tentacles

Prefer [Listening Tentacles](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/windows-targets/tentacle-communication.md#listening-tentacles-recommended) or [SSH](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/linux/ssh-target.md) instead of [Polling Tentacles](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/windows-targets/tentacle-communication.md#polling-tentacles) wherever possible.  Listening Tentacles and SSH place the Octopus Server under less load.  We try to make Polling Tentacles as efficient as possible. However, they can place the Octopus Server under high load, just handling incoming connections.

Reduce the frequency and complexity of automated health checks using [machine policies](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/machine-policies.md).

## Packages {#package-transfer}

> Transfering packages from your Octopus Deploy server is a key piece of functionality in Octopus Deploy.  Transferring packages can also have a impact on your Octopus Server's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transferring packages from your Octopus Server is a key piece of functionality when executing deployments and runbooks.  This can also have an impact on your Octopus Server's performance.
```

### Network bandwidth

> The larger the package the more network bandwidth is required to transfer to your deployment targets.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The larger the package the more network bandwidth is required to transfer data to your deployment targets.  
```
